Tao never despises
See it as a jerk from above and look down without contempt
Gao does not exist to give up the enemy
But to protect
A Liang
When did you learn to go back to life with thick pictures?
Don't force yourself
Read with me
Death debt cancellation
Nothing is more precious than life
And I thought that...
For such a vicious and sinister woman
I should be able to see clearly.
There's not much to say.
Send him one last ride
It's the only thing we can do.
Why are you imitating me? I always thought
I'm the big brother.
You are the younger brother
I should be more mature
Protect you
But I didn't expect indecisive people
It's me.
I am still an immature
arrogant person
What about the way forward?
I still need you to keep looking at me
Don't make me mistake
Don't worry, although a little indecisive
But not so fragile
Then I'm relieved.
How am I feeling?
A little complicated
But what I'm most worried about is Xiaoxue
Well, I can only rely on you as a father
After all, there's nothing I can do.
You mother, this is your favorite invitation
I hope you won't be a captive chicken in your next life
It's a free-flying bird.